15 row knit 3 lift loops 2 air
loops roll work borkus 2
air loops knit two columns with
one way then two air loops
2 loops of the base to skip the following 4
loop knit one crochet
so these are two three four and one more
double crochet 5 see in the arch of 4
air loops only 5 posts with
I tie up 5 air loops and
as the eighth row we are here I added by
one pillar was not tied up extremely
and the two columns of the first last for sure
just here I will knit only
central 6 columns
2 3 4 5 6 total 6 posts
single crochet 5 air loops column with
nakida in the arch of 4 air loops and
the next 4 loops knit one more
double crochet all over again
It turned out 5 double crochets 2
air loops 2 base loops
I miss and boil the air loops
I knit 2 double crochet 2 air
Loops 2 Loops of the base I miss
and I see in the next 4 loops one by one
double crochet with 2 3 4 and 5 columns with
back to the arch of one air loop
that is, here it turned out I have 5
double crochets in the central
parts I have 5 double crochets
missed 2 loops 2 double crochets
2 loops missed 5 double crochets
5 air loops and repeat on
central 6 loops knit 6 columns
without nakida that is
I miss the first and last 1
last loop
5 air loops with double crochet
arch of 4 air loops and another
we knit 4 double crochets
its loop has a total of 5 columns
double crochet 2 air loops 2 loops
I miss the base two columns with
nakida in the arch and beyond 2 air
loops and double crochet like
usually this is the 15th row